<p><strong>"There are rules for walking in the bush. Stay alert. Watch where you step, </strong></p><p><strong>keep your eyes open." </strong></p><p>Twisting dance around bushes and thorns, bodies of ducked heads and curled shoulders. Grabbing snagged hats from snatching branches. </p><p><strong>"Keep your ears ready; Sometimes the animals are hard to see, but you can hear them." </strong></p><p>Huffing wildebeast, cackling hyena, keening alarm of the zebra, all drowned by heavy falls from boot-feet, each step an intrusion, </p><p>a cacophonous symphony. </p><p><strong>"Be quiet. Do not talk or make noise (only Black Africans do that, even in cities, to scare the animals away)." </strong></p><p>Narrowing eyes, wrinkling brows, cocking heads, they do not speak. But even silent, the white Americans (gossip, grins, guitar) are the loudest animals in the savanna. </p><p><strong>"If you see an animal, do not run. Stay together. Move to keep the gun between you and the animal. If it charges, I will shoot." </strong></p><p>Stepping blindly, single file line following whitemanwithrifle. The tracker (Black South African) has his eyes on the ground, searching for sign, avoiding glances. He will stand apart at the campfire that night. </p><p><strong>"Trust your guide 100 percent." </strong></p><p>Visiting Africa, the tourists trust their gear, their stomachs, their money to these men. In the bush, they question (in silence) </p><p>the guides’ guidance, and rules. They question their senses, themselves. </p>