<p><em>"The Universe being intrinsically a Perhaps, being too probably an 'infinite Humbug,' why should any minor Humbug astonish us? It is all according to the order of Nature; and Phantasms riding with huge clatter along the streets, from end to end of our existence, astonish nobody." </em>(Carlyle, Past and Present) </p><p>This is the season of feverish quiet, of almost-revelation. It reeks with the watery smell of snow and gasoline. This is the season of constant, unrealized potentiality. The season where things are brewing, where pressure builds but never leads to release. But Humbug allows for interruption. We remind each other that creation can emerge from stagnancy. </p><p>We still meet in the poetry room of Sanborn. It still has strange shadows and slightly uncomfortable furniture, and private conversations are still impossible—the ceiling bounces whispers all over the room. We still bring poems, prose, a podcast and we still choose to believe in someone else’s work for an hour each week and it is still wonderful. </p><p>This is the season we learn how to leave. The editorial board will be transitioning after this chapbook, giving the seniors the chance to play violins and go for runs and write a thesis or two. We’ll keep workshopping, of course. </p><p>So here’s what Humbug has been thinking about recently, a collection of pieces that have few common themes and no common direction—just like us. But we’re here, and we’re writing, and that is somehow enough. </p><p>Much Love, Lacey Jones </p><p>2 </p><p>Hum·bug: <em>noun </em>1. Deceptive or false behavior </p><p>ˈhəmˌbəɡ/ 2. A coastal mountain in Oregon 3. An exclamatory challenge to a statement or idea </p><p><strong>Note About Art </strong></p><p>The art in this issue was created by Rebecca Rowland ‘16, Julia Huang ’16, and Tiantian Zhang ’16, to whom we are (still) eternally indebted. </p>