<p>Editors’ Note</p><p><em>“We must have humbug, we all like humbug, we couldn’t get on without humbug.” </em>  (Charles Dickens, A Christmas Carol)</p><p>Spring is a season of pollen, of fast moving rainstorms, of late nights on the grass, of swimming in the river and new beginnings. This Spring marks a transition for Humbug as we instate a new editorial staff. We are still learning how to handle a budget, how to compose a chapbook, how to run meetings, and frankly, how to use the listserve. Amidst these challenges we remain undaunted by growth, and excited to create and learn from one another.</p><p>Each Thursday night we meet in the poetry room of Sanborn, ready to listen to the words of our peers, and offer critiques on their writing. Last week was the ‘16’s final meeting, and without them this club wouldn’t be possible. Humbug remains a constant – a reminder at the end of a hectic week to take time for ourselves and our writing. It gives us time to pause and listen to each other, to learn from and help one another. Humbug allows us to take time to record what we think of this world in which we live, to work out the kinks in our writing and how to better articulate our thoughts. </p><p>While last term’s chapbook marked the end of an era, this one marks the beginning of a new one. So bear with us as we learn how to manage our new roles, and how to best portray our talented peers’ writing. Though this chapbook is the last to include writing from our 16’s, we’re happy to usher in a bevvy of new voices, and look forward to meeting the 20’s. Thank you ‘16s for all you’ve done for this club, for the space you’ve created, and for all of the help during workshops. We’ll take care of Humbg, and we wish you the best of luck in all that you do!  </p><p>Much love,</p><p>	</p><p>Madeleine Waters and Isabelle Blank </p><p>Hum·bug: <em>noun</em></p><p>        1. Deceptive or false behavior</p><p>ˈhəmˌbəɡ/         2. A coastal mountain in Oregon</p><p>	        3. An exclamatory challenge to a statement or idea</p><p><strong>Note About Art</strong></p><p>All art in this issue was created by Rebecca Rowland ’16, for whom we are very grateful.</p>